TA Meeting for 02/25/2021




Discussed project updates. TA mentioned that we should update Jira as we progress further into the project. 


Discussed Node.js and how Caesar was going to start researching how to link SQL and our HTML front end. 


Lastly discussed design philosophy and how it is important to integrate features fully 
(front end through back end) rather than making a whole bunch of features on HTML, and then making SQL, and then integrating them through Node.js.